README.md, before:

# ThreeDViewer (3D) Module for Omeka S

This module allows administrators to set disk quota limits for sites in Omeka S. It prevents users from uploading files that would exceed the quota set for a site.

## Features

- Set a maximum storage limit (quota) per site
- Track current storage usage of each site
- Prevent uploads that would exceed the site's quota
- Display quota information in the site admin panel
- Provide a dedicated section for managing quotas

## Installation

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release from the GitHub repository
2. Extract the zip file to your Omeka S `modules` directory
3. Rename the directory to `3DViewer` (if needed)
4. Log in to the Omeka S admin panel and navigate to Modules
5. Click "Install" next to 3DViewer

### Using Docker

A Docker Compose file is provided for easy testing:

1. Make sure you have Docker and Docker Compose installed
2. Clone this repository
3. From the repository root, run:

```bash
make up
```

4. Wait for the containers to start (this may take a minute)
5. Access Omeka S at http://localhost:8080
6. Finish the installation and login as admin user
7. Navigate to Modules and install the 3DViewer module

## Installation

See general end user documentation for [Installing a module](http://omeka.org/s/docs/user-manual/modules/#installing-modules)

## Usage

1. Once installed, navigate to any site's admin panel
2. Click on the "Quota" tab in the left sidebar
3. Set the desired quota size in megabytes (MB)
4. To set unlimited quota, enter 0

The module will automatically track usage and prevent uploads that would exceed the quota.

## Requirements

- Omeka S 4.x or 

## License

This module is published under the [GNU GPLv3](LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

docs: Update README to reflect 3D viewer functionality instead of quota management

README.md, after:

# ThreeDViewer (3D) Module for Omeka S

This module allows users to view and interact with 3D models (STL and GLB files) directly within Omeka S.

## Features

- View 3D models (STL and GLB formats) directly in the browser
- Interactive controls for rotating, zooming, and panning 3D models
- Customizable display options including background color
- Optional auto-rotation for better visualization
- Grid display option for better spatial reference

## Installation

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release from the GitHub repository
2. Extract the zip file to your Omeka S `modules` directory
3. Rename the directory to `3DViewer` (if needed)
4. Log in to the Omeka S admin panel and navigate to Modules
5. Click "Install" next to 3DViewer

### Using Docker

A Docker Compose file is provided for easy testing:

1. Make sure you have Docker and Docker Compose installed
2. Clone this repository
3. From the repository root, run:

```bash
make up
```

4. Wait for the containers to start (this may take a minute)
5. Access Omeka S at http://localhost:8080
6. Finish the installation and login as admin user
7. Navigate to Modules and install the 3DViewer module

## Installation

See general end user documentation for [Installing a module](http://omeka.org/s/docs/user-manual/modules/#installing-modules)

## Usage

1. Upload STL or GLB files to your Omeka S items as you would any other media file
2. When viewing an item with a 3D model, the model will automatically be displayed in an interactive viewer
3. Use your mouse to:
   - Left-click and drag to rotate the model
   - Right-click and drag to pan
   - Scroll to zoom in and out
4. The module settings allow administrators to customize the default display options

## Requirements

- Omeka S 4.x or later
- Modern browser with WebGL support (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)

## License

This module is published under the [GNU GPLv3](LICENSE) license.
